deployer: add info generating commands under resource-allocation (#3337)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: deployer/README.md

##### `generate resource-allocation choices`
This generates a custom number of resource allocation choices for a certain instance type, depending on a certain chosen strategy that can be used in the profile list of a hub.

##### `generate resource-allocation daemonset-overhead`

> Updates `daemonset_overhead.yaml` with an individual cluster's DaemonSets with running pods combined requests of CPU and memory, excluding GPU related DaemonSets.

Reviewer: This is currently a bit hard to understand. Maybe expand it a bit more with info from the PR's top comment?

```suggestion
This script updates information about a specific cluster in the `daemonset_overhead.yaml` file.

This file contains information about cpu/memory requests made by
DaemonSets with running pods in _all_ of our clusters but excluding GPU related DaemonSets.
```

Author: The command will not collect information from each cluster. I considered doing that, but I don't think the complexity added to `deployer` is justified when we can easily invoke it for all clusters one at the time with a command like `ls config/clusters | xargs -I {} deployer generate resource-allocation daemonset-overhead {}`.

I'll mention that in the docs here!

##### `generate resource-allocation instance-capacity`

> Updates `instance_capacity.yaml` with instance types' total and allocatable capacity reported by `kubectl get node`.

Reviewer: From what I understand this command requires a cluster, and it uses that cluster to get the running nodes and updates the file with info about that or those running nodes, right?

From this description I understand that it updates all instance types and I wouldn't expect the command to require a cluster.

So maybe rephrase to:
```suggestion
This script updates the information in the `instance_capacity.yaml` file about the instance types found running in a given cluster.

This file contains the total and allocatable capacity as reported by `kubectl get node` of the instance types'  used across our clusters.
```

Author: I'll add a commit to refine this part similar to your suggestion, both here and in the .py file where this text is also duplicated as a docstring!
